Prepare for the release, publishing all packages (#360)
tonarino/innernet: README.md

Please run the release script from a Linux machine: generated shell completions depend on available wireguard backends and Mac doesn't support the `kernel` backend. 

> 1. Create a new branch of top of fresh `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new branch on top of `origin/main`.
```
